let's march braggingly an opinion [Applause]
fyk homescreen Madame de la rue au genie here is the stone balm she saved is
honey honey who like to listen every night at home makes it kill a lot at
learn note well the first that tell me to
particles hitting that does not exist without Punjab
to you you do what I tell you either we fall you come tell me you have
worked for this same rhythm and history will perform takes in this
[Music]
[Music] moment
laurie found like the soul of paris [Music]
[Applause]
what's going on you have to be brave and title she's going to go
this concert madam caf or play with your life
and then you have to play with something cp
Ben Ali
i want you to be me for life i will
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]